Chore: Typos and grammar (#2094)
vercel/swr: examples/server-render/README.md

## The Idea behind the Example

> These examples show how to combine Next.js getServerSideProps with the SWR `fallbackData` option to support Server-Side Rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to combine Next.js getServerSideProps with the SWR `fallbackData` option to support Server-Side Rendering.
```
